README.md, before:

<h2><img align="center" src="https://github.com/NVIDIA-BioNeMo-blueprints/generative-virtual-screening/blob/main/nvidia-logo.png?raw=true">NVIDIA BioNeMo Blueprint: Generative Virtual Screening for Drug Discovery</h2>

![Generative Virtual Screening for Drug Discovery-r2 (1)](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/dbb1795a-7e3f-4363-9b20-4bc4d67d04bb)

The NVIDIA BioNeMo Blueprint for generative virtual screening shows how generative AI and accelerated NIM microservices can be used to design optimized small molecules smarter and faster.

<hr>

### Quick Start

```bash
cd deploy
docker compose up
cd ../src
jupyter notebook
```

### Get Started

* [Deploy](deploy/)
* [Source code](src/)

### Set Up With Docker Compose

Navigate to the [deploy](deploy/) directory to learn how to start up the NIMs.

## Notebook

An example of how to call each generative virtual screening step is located in `src/generative-virtual-screening.ipynb`.

### Additional Documentation

Additional documentation can be found on [docs.nvidia.com](https://nim-docs-staging.s3.us-west-1.amazonaws.com/bionemo-caddvs/main/overview.html).

Commit message:

Remove a dead link to non-existent docs.

README.md, after:

<h2><img align="center" src="https://github.com/NVIDIA-BioNeMo-blueprints/generative-virtual-screening/blob/main/nvidia-logo.png?raw=true">NVIDIA BioNeMo Blueprint: Generative Virtual Screening for Drug Discovery</h2>

![Generative Virtual Screening for Drug Discovery-r2 (1)](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/dbb1795a-7e3f-4363-9b20-4bc4d67d04bb)

The NVIDIA BioNeMo Blueprint for generative virtual screening shows how generative AI and accelerated NIM microservices can be used to design optimized small molecules smarter and faster.

<hr>

### Quick Start

```bash
cd deploy
docker compose up
cd ../src
jupyter notebook
```

### Get Started

* [Deploy](deploy/)
* [Source code](src/)

### Set Up With Docker Compose

Navigate to the [deploy](deploy/) directory to learn how to start up the NIMs.

## Notebook

An example of how to call each generative virtual screening step is located in `src/generative-virtual-screening.ipynb`.

### Additional Documentation

You can try this blueprint and find its Model Card on [build.nvidia.com](https://build.nvidia.com/nvidia/generative-virtual-screening-for-drug-discovery)
